Konnect May Changelog (#5674)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/updates.md

from a single, cloud-based control plane, and provides a catalog of all deployed
services. [Try it today!](https://cloud.konghq.com/quick-start)

## May 2023

> **Gateway 3.3 Support**
> : Konnect now supports the latest Gateway release version of 3.3 including all plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**{{site.base_gateway}} 3.3 support*
: {{site.konnect_short_name}} now supports {{site.base_gateway}} 3.3.x, including all plugins. See the [Gateway changelog](https://docs.konghq.com/gateway/changelog/#3300) for details on all the updates and new features.
```

Our of curiousity, why are we specifically calling out plugins? Also saying "including all plugins" could be misconstrued as all plugins available in Gateway 3.3, which would be wrong - there will always be a bunch of plugins unsupported in Konnect.

Author: @lena-larionova good question/feedback - let me review w/ Smriti

Reviewer 2: Thats a good feedback. I like Amy's suggestion about rephrasing as "all Konnect-compatible plugins" with a link to https://docs.konghq.com/konnect/compatibility/
